Enter production
Somewhat, everyone slowly Marisa
This time it will be the questionnaire times as the title has
Acquaintance of editing Mr. But not enter the stage from time to clear the last stage 1
According to this cat can and it looks like it is so long it looks like
I wanted to ask you a questionnaire, and I made this sea ​​The questionnaire is as follows
As up to one now in place Yamamoto ticker
If we clear the stage one by one every two minutes, we will reduce the number of tea channels as much as possible every week 1
I will ask you which of these is better to clear the stage
Say you want to see crispy one is students who do not mind the street until now
It is about a year or so after you decide if it is the best to save if you are allowed to comment on
That's Edit's something complexion bad I No. 2 was Whatever ze will continue it until
Because you can not show everything, there is a high possibility of using cut and double speed
Of course there will be less tea
Ze This questionnaire is accepted until February 21 Thursday next week
In other words it is going to be made in one day anyway
Let 's do our best editing , then everyone's comments thank you
I will ask if there is a request or question from everybody because it is just the right opportunity from Asore
I am sorry that this cat can be subordinate to the questionnaire
I want you to do my best to see the hero from 10 o'clock after this, so next time again
I'll be slow until next week
nan
pa
me
Yeah Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeee